Closes #5201 Relicense under the Apache 2.0 and add header to source files (#5783)
lampepfl/dotty: README.md

License
=======

> Dotty is licensed under the [Apache License Version 2.0](https://github.com/lampepfl/dotty/blob/master/LICENSE.txt)

Reviewer: Link to apache.org, like the header?

```suggestion
Dotty is licensed under the [Apache License, Version 2.0](https://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
```

Author: Fixed by 110a095.
